splash Water
{
	smallclass		WaterSpray
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/water

	baseclass		WaterSpray
	
	sound			world/water
}




splash Slime
{

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeSpray
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/muck
}

Terrain oldslime
{
	splash slime
}

Terrain Squigslime
{
	splash slime
	damagetype flem
	damagetimemask 31
	damageamount 11
	splash Slime
	liquid
}

terrain Water
{
	splash Water
	
	liquid
}

terrain Slime
{
	damagetype flem
	damagetimemask 31
	damageamount 11

	splash Slime
	footclip 10
	liquid
	friction 0.8
}


floor SQUIGWAT Water

floor FWATER1 Water
floor FWATER2 Water
floor FWATER3 Water
floor FWATER4 Water

floor SQUIGSLI SquigSlime
floor Blood1 oldSlime
floor Blood2 oldSlime
floor Blood3 oldSlime

floor LAVA1 oldSlime
floor LAVA2 oldSlime
floor LAVA3 oldSlime
floor LAVA4 oldSlime

floor NUKAGE1 oldSlime
floor NUKAGE2 oldSlime
floor NUKAGE3 oldSlime


floor GOO_M oldslime
floor GOO_MGL oldslime
floor GOO_RV oldslimeme
floor GOO_RVG oldslime
floor GOO_NW oldslime
floor GOO_NWGL oldslime
floor GOO_NE oldslime
floor GOO_NEGL oldslime
floor GOO_SW oldslime
floor GOO_SWGL oldslime
floor GOO_SE oldslime
floor GOO_SEGL oldslime
floor H20 Water
floor H20_REV Water

splash HG
{
	smallclass		HGSplash
	smallsound		world/water
	baseclass		HGSplash
	chunkclass		HGSpray
	sound			world/water
}


terrain MERCURY
{
	splash HG
	damagetimemask 31
	damageamount 8
	footclip 8
	liquid
	friction 0.7
}



floor MERCURY MERCURY


